docs: #15 Add examples of behavior of SolarWinds Entity Connector (#52)
solarwinds/solarwinds-otel-collector-contrib: connector/solarwindsentityconnector/docs/EXAMPLES.md

> # Examples

Reviewer: I would consider going without it, and moving examples above the first example in the list below. 

Just a nitpick, up to you.

> This document provides examples of how to configure the SolarWinds Entity Connector correctly to prevent from inferring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides examples of how to configure the SolarWinds Entity Connector correctly to prevent inferring unexpected entities or relationships.
```

> This document provides examples of how to configure the SolarWinds Entity Connector correctly to prevent from inferring
> unexpected entities or relationships. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides examples of how to configure the SolarWinds Entity Connector correctly to prevent inferring unexpected entities or relationships.
```

      source_entity: KubernetesCluster
      destination_entity: KubernetesNamespace
    - type: CommunicatesWith
      action: update
      context: log
      source_entity: Snowflake
      destination_entity: Snowflake
```

**Input resource attributes**

```
cluster.uid -> "cluster-123"
namespace.name -> "namespace-123"
src.receiver.id -> "snowflake-123"
dst.receiver.id -> "snowflake-456"
receiver.name -> "snowflake"
```

**Output log records**
```json
[
  {
    "relationship_type": "Has",
    "source_entity_type": "KubernetesCluster",
    "source_entity_id": {
      "cluster.uid": "cluster-123"
    },
    "destination_entity_type": "KubernetesNamespace",
    "destination_entity_id": {
      "cluster.uid": "cluster-123",
      "namespace.name": "namespace-123"
    }
  },
  {
    "relationship_type": "CommunicatesWith",
    "source_entity_type": "Snowflake",
    "source_entity_id": {
      "receiver.id": "snowflake-123",
      "receiver.name": "snowflake"
    },
    "destination_entity_type": "Snowflake",
    "destination_entity_id": {
      "receiver.id": "snowflake-456",
      "receiver.name": "snowflake"
    }
  }
]
```
___

## Entity Attributes
### Without Prefix

> Entity update log will be sent together with an attribute.

Reviewer: Because this case is talking about part of the config, that is not visible here, and I know I would be confused if I read it,.. maybe next week :D

> Entity update log will be sent together with an attribute.

Author: Linked the section with configuration everywhere where it made sense.

**Defined events**

```yaml
events:
  entities:
    - type: KubernetesCluster
      action: update
      context: log
```

**Input resource attributes**

```
cluster.uid -> "cluster-123"
cluster.name -> "Cluster 123"
```

**Output log records**
```json
[
  {
    "entity_type": "KubernetesCluster",
    "entity_id": {
      "cluster.uid": "cluster-123"
    },
    "entity_attributes": {
      "cluster.name": "Cluster 123"
    }
  }
]
```
___
### With Prefix
Attribute will not be sent, because the prefix is not accepted when entity is not used as source or destination
entity in a relationship.

**Defined events**

```yaml
events:
  entities:
    - type: KubernetesCluster
      action: update
      context: log
```

**Input resource attributes**

```
cluster.uid -> "cluster-123"
src.cluster.name -> "Cluster 123"
```

**Output log records**
```json
[
  {
    "entity_type": "KubernetesCluster",
    "entity_id": {
      "cluster.uid": "cluster-123"
    }
  }
]
```
___

## Relationship Attributes
### Without Prefix
An attribute will be sent, because the relationship is defined with the attributes.

> :warning: Relationship attributes are used only from unprefixed attributes.

Reviewer: 👍

Reviewer: Maybe we could mention this behavior with prefixed entities, that they will use prefixed attributes.

Author: Added note to the last scenario
